1. All rules, regulations and payoffs contained herein are subject to changes and revisions by Ibetsports.ag without prior written notice. 
2.  Any sports or horse ruling, not specifically stated in the specific rules or regulations, will be decided by the official Las Vegas rules. 
3.  Ibetsports.ag shall not be responsible for any damages or losses deemed or alleged to have resulted from or been caused by this Web site or its content. This includes any person’s use or misuse of its content, the inability of any person to connect with or use the site, delay in operations or transmission, failure of communication lines, or any errors or omissions in content
4.  All clients must be at least the legal alcoholic beverage drinking age in their particular country, state or jurisdiction.
5.   All rules, regulations and wagering odds, will constantly be updated on our web site, so please double check any issue or difference in the rules before making a claim to our customer service staff. 
6.   Ibetsports.ag reserves the right to limit or refuse a wager for any reason, and has the right to refuse wagers from clientele who are from states or jurisdiction where online wagering is deemed illegal. 
7.    All wagers accepted by Ibetsports.ag will be honored, unless there is proof of cheating, attempted hacking or knowledgeable deceit. Any wager with BAD or INNACURATE odds can be cancelled by Ibetsports.ag group without prior notice to the client. 
8.    Minimum and maximum wager amounts on all sporting events will be determined by Ibetsports.ag and are subject to change without prior written notice. Ibetsports.ag also reserves the right to adjust limits on individual accounts.
9. Ibetsports.ag will not accept a wager without the proper account number and password for both telephone and online wagering.
10. Each client is responsible for maintaining the secrecy of his betting account and should make every effort to prevent the use of his personal account number by any third party. Any transactions entered into where the account holder’s number and password have been given to effect a wager shall stand as bona fide transactions dependent only upon the current balance in the account.
11.  All accounts are kept private and confidential. All telephone calls are recorded for the protection of Ibetsports.ag and its clients for the purpose of possible disputes. You must claim a dispute within 7 days of the graded wager
12.   When wagering on the Internet, members are solely responsible for their own account transactions. Please be sure to review your wagers for any mistakes before sending them in. Ibetsports.ag does not take responsibility for missing or duplicate wagers made by the client and will not entertain discrepancy requests because a play is missing or duplicated. Clients may review their transactions in the Review Account section of the site after each session to ensure all requested wagers were accepted. CHECK ALL TRANSACTIONS CAREFULLY!!
13. Wagers placed online or over the phone can be changed or cancelled by the customer if all the following conditions are met: A- The lines and odds are the same as those of the original wager B- Not more than 5 minutes have passed since the time of the original bet C- The games have not started 
14. After wagers are placed by telephone, the clerk will read back the wagers. If the read back or confirmation is correct, client must re-confirm wagers by stating their client number and password. If any mistakes were made by the clerk, it is the responsibility of the client to tell the clerk before the call is completed. Once the client confirms a read back the wagers are final. If a client does not confirm his plays by giving his code and password and hangs up before the read back all plays are considered final. 
15. If the client has phone problems and is cut off before getting a read back, it is his responsibility to call as soon as possible and verify his pending wagers. If the client gave the clerk a team and amount before getting cut off the wagers will go into the system even though there was no read back. 
16. Wagers are graded only after the contest is final. 
17. Baseball, Football, Basketball, Hockey and Soccer events must be played on the specified game date. Any game that is cancelled or postponed will be deemed "no action" and funds will be returned to your account. - Tennis, Boxing, Nascar and Golf must be played within 7 days of the originally scheduled date. 
18. Concerning suspended games, continued games and overturned decisions, Ibetsports.ag follows the generally accepted Las Vegas gaming rules.
19.  In all future wagering (for example, Super Bowl winner, etc.), the winner as determined by the League Commissioner will also be declared the winner for betting purposes. For the purposes of NCAA Football wagering, the winner of the BCS Championship game will be declared the National Champion. Any future type wager will not count towards any rollover requirement.
20. On horse racing, the clerk will give the player a POST TIME once the ticket is completed. This POST TIME is the one that will be compared with times posted at the grading website. The POST TIME given to the customer must be the same or earlier than the OFF TIME posted at the site. Our post times are non-negotiable and final. Any Horse Wager will not count towards. Any Rollover Requirement. 
21. Ibetsports.ag relies entirely upon the information provided by the customer in the application in order to establish a wagering account. Payouts will only be made to the name in the account. Checks or Western Unions to third parties are not allowed. 
22.  In the event funds are credited to a customer's account in error, it is incumbent upon the customer to notify Ibetsports.ag the aforesaid error without delay. Unless otherwise notified by Ibetsports.ag, any transactions made shall be void. 
23.  Although our computer system keeps exact customer balances, it is the client's responsibility to make sure his balance is correct every time your account number is logged in or by phone when applicable. 
24.  All payout requests are accepted five days a week; from 7am through 7pm. Customer covers ALL OUTGOING FEES. Payouts are sent the same way as deposits are received. All bonuses on Deposits come with a rollover attached. The 10% bonus has a 4 Time Rollover, the 15% bonus has a 5 Time Rollover and 20% Bonus has a 8 Time Rollover, if the bonus is greater than 20% the rollover is 10 Times or more as specified in the plan. 
25.  Ibetsports.ag reserves the right to process any payout request in dollars of United States of America or the local currency of the country where the customer requested it. Ibetsports.ag will use the local exchange rate of the day where customer receives his/her payout. 
26. Sportsbook, Future and Horse wagering will not count towdards any sportsbook bonus rollover requirements. 
27. Members are not permitted to open multiple accounts. Performing such an action may trigger an audit of the member's accounts. If multiple accounts have been used then all bets may be voided, accounts may be inactivated and winnings may be forfeited. 
28. The maximum payout for any parlay is 500/1.

